io/bpmnrepo/backend/version/api/BpmnDiagramVersionController.java
 io.bpmnrepo.backend.version.api.BpmnDiagramVersionController
io/bpmnrepo/backend/shared/Mapper.java
 io.bpmnrepo.backend.shared.Mapper
io/bpmnrepo/backend/diagram/infrastructure/BpmnDiagramJpa.java
 io.bpmnrepo.backend.diagram.infrastructure.BpmnDiagramJpa
io/bpmnrepo/backend/shared/config/NoSecurityConfig.java
 io.bpmnrepo.backend.shared.config.NoSecurityConfig
io/bpmnrepo/backend/repository/domain/RepositoryMapper.java
 io.bpmnrepo.backend.repository.domain.RepositoryMapper
io/bpmnrepo/backend/assignment/domain/Assignment.java
 io.bpmnrepo.backend.assignment.domain.Assignment
 io.bpmnrepo.backend.assignment.domain.Assignment$AssignmentBuilder
io/bpmnrepo/backend/repository/api/BpmnRepositoryTO.java
 io.bpmnrepo.backend.repository.api.BpmnRepositoryTO
 io.bpmnrepo.backend.repository.api.BpmnRepositoryTO$BpmnRepositoryTOBuilder
io/bpmnrepo/backend/repository/infrastructure/BpmnRepoJpa.java
 io.bpmnrepo.backend.repository.infrastructure.BpmnRepoJpa
io/bpmnrepo/backend/version/domain/BpmnDiagramVersionService.java
 io.bpmnrepo.backend.version.domain.BpmnDiagramVersionService
io/bpmnrepo/backend/repository/domain/BpmnRepository.java
 io.bpmnrepo.backend.repository.domain.BpmnRepository
 io.bpmnrepo.backend.repository.domain.BpmnRepository$BpmnRepositoryBuilder
io/bpmnrepo/backend/BpmnRepoApplication.java
 io.bpmnrepo.backend.BpmnRepoApplication
io/bpmnrepo/backend/diagram/api/BpmnDiagramTO.java
 io.bpmnrepo.backend.diagram.api.BpmnDiagramTO
 io.bpmnrepo.backend.diagram.api.BpmnDiagramTO$BpmnDiagramTOBuilder
io/bpmnrepo/backend/version/domain/VersionMapper.java
 io.bpmnrepo.backend.version.domain.VersionMapper
io/bpmnrepo/backend/user/infrastructure/UserEntity.java
 io.bpmnrepo.backend.user.infrastructure.UserEntity
 io.bpmnrepo.backend.user.infrastructure.UserEntity$UserEntityBuilder
io/bpmnrepo/backend/user/infrastructure/UserJpa.java
 io.bpmnrepo.backend.user.infrastructure.UserJpa
io/bpmnrepo/backend/assignment/infrastructure/AssignmentEntity.java
 io.bpmnrepo.backend.assignment.infrastructure.AssignmentEntity
 io.bpmnrepo.backend.assignment.infrastructure.AssignmentEntity$AssignmentEntityBuilder
io/bpmnrepo/backend/shared/config/NoSecurityUserContext.java
 io.bpmnrepo.backend.shared.config.NoSecurityUserContext
io/bpmnrepo/backend/shared/AuthService.java
 io.bpmnrepo.backend.shared.AuthService
io/bpmnrepo/backend/repository/infrastructure/BpmnRepositoryEntity.java
 io.bpmnrepo.backend.repository.infrastructure.BpmnRepositoryEntity
 io.bpmnrepo.backend.repository.infrastructure.BpmnRepositoryEntity$BpmnRepositoryEntityBuilder
io/bpmnrepo/backend/assignment/infrastructure/AssignmentJpa.java
 io.bpmnrepo.backend.assignment.infrastructure.AssignmentJpa
io/bpmnrepo/backend/user/domain/UserService.java
 io.bpmnrepo.backend.user.domain.UserService
io/bpmnrepo/backend/user/api/UserTO.java
 io.bpmnrepo.backend.user.api.UserTO
 io.bpmnrepo.backend.user.api.UserTO$UserTOBuilder
io/bpmnrepo/backend/assignment/api/AssignmentController.java
 io.bpmnrepo.backend.assignment.api.AssignmentController
io/bpmnrepo/backend/repository/api/BpmnRepositoryController.java
 io.bpmnrepo.backend.repository.api.BpmnRepositoryController
io/bpmnrepo/backend/diagram/domain/BpmnDiagramService.java
 io.bpmnrepo.backend.diagram.domain.BpmnDiagramService
io/bpmnrepo/backend/version/domain/BpmnDiagramVersion.java
 io.bpmnrepo.backend.version.domain.BpmnDiagramVersion
 io.bpmnrepo.backend.version.domain.BpmnDiagramVersion$BpmnDiagramVersionBuilder
io/bpmnrepo/backend/version/infrastructure/BpmnDiagramVersionJpa.java
 io.bpmnrepo.backend.version.infrastructure.BpmnDiagramVersionJpa
io/bpmnrepo/backend/diagram/domain/DiagramMapper.java
 io.bpmnrepo.backend.diagram.domain.DiagramMapper
io/bpmnrepo/backend/diagram/api/BpmnDiagramController.java
 io.bpmnrepo.backend.diagram.api.BpmnDiagramController
io/bpmnrepo/backend/user/api/UserController.java
 io.bpmnrepo.backend.user.api.UserController
io/bpmnrepo/backend/shared/config/UserContext.java
 io.bpmnrepo.backend.shared.config.UserContext
io/bpmnrepo/backend/assignment/infrastructure/AssignmentId.java
 io.bpmnrepo.backend.assignment.infrastructure.AssignmentId
 io.bpmnrepo.backend.assignment.infrastructure.AssignmentId$AssignmentIdBuilder
io/bpmnrepo/backend/repository/domain/BpmnRepositoryService.java
 io.bpmnrepo.backend.repository.domain.BpmnRepositoryService
io/bpmnrepo/backend/assignment/api/AssignmentTO.java
 io.bpmnrepo.backend.assignment.api.AssignmentTO
 io.bpmnrepo.backend.assignment.api.AssignmentTO$AssignmentTOBuilder
io/bpmnrepo/backend/shared/AccessRightException.java
 io.bpmnrepo.backend.shared.AccessRightException
io/bpmnrepo/backend/version/infrastructure/BpmnDiagramVersionEntity.java
 io.bpmnrepo.backend.version.infrastructure.BpmnDiagramVersionEntity
 io.bpmnrepo.backend.version.infrastructure.BpmnDiagramVersionEntity$BpmnDiagramVersionEntityBuilder
io/bpmnrepo/backend/version/api/BpmnDiagramVersionTO.java
 io.bpmnrepo.backend.version.api.BpmnDiagramVersionTO
 io.bpmnrepo.backend.version.api.BpmnDiagramVersionTO$BpmnDiagramVersionTOBuilder
io/bpmnrepo/backend/assignment/domain/AssignmentMapper.java
 io.bpmnrepo.backend.assignment.domain.AssignmentMapper
io/bpmnrepo/backend/assignment/domain/AssignmentService.java
 io.bpmnrepo.backend.assignment.domain.AssignmentService
io/bpmnrepo/backend/diagram/domain/BpmnDiagram.java
 io.bpmnrepo.backend.diagram.domain.BpmnDiagram
 io.bpmnrepo.backend.diagram.domain.BpmnDiagram$BpmnDiagramBuilder
io/bpmnrepo/backend/diagram/infrastructure/BpmnDiagramEntity.java
 io.bpmnrepo.backend.diagram.infrastructure.BpmnDiagramEntity
 io.bpmnrepo.backend.diagram.infrastructure.BpmnDiagramEntity$BpmnDiagramEntityBuilder
io/bpmnrepo/backend/shared/RoleEnum.java
 io.bpmnrepo.backend.shared.RoleEnum
 io.bpmnrepo.backend.shared.RoleEnum$1
